Resolve #835: Expose bytes/records scanned through ExecuteState (#836)
FoundationDB/fdb-record-layer: docs/ReleaseNotes.md

* **Performance** Improvement 5 [(Issue #NNN)](https://github.com/FoundationDB/fdb-record-layer/issues/NNN)
* **Feature** Feature 1 [(Issue #NNN)](https://github.com/FoundationDB/fdb-record-layer/issues/NNN)
* **Feature** Feature 2 [(Issue #NNN)](https://github.com/FoundationDB/fdb-record-layer/issues/NNN)
* **Feature** Expose bytes/records scanned through `ExecuteState` [(Issue #835)](https://github.com/FoundationDB/fdb-record-layer/issues/835)
* **Feature** Feature 4 [(Issue #NNN)](https://github.com/FoundationDB/fdb-record-layer/issues/NNN)
* **Feature** Feature 5 [(Issue #NNN)](https://github.com/FoundationDB/fdb-record-layer/issues/NNN)

> * **Breaking change** Change 1 [(Issue #NNN)](https://github.com/FoundationDB/fdb-record-layer/issues/NNN)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Breaking change** `ByteScanLimiter` and `RecordScanLimiter` are now interfaces. Instances with various concrete behavior are constructed through factory classes. [(PR #836)](https://github.com/FoundationDB/fdb-record-layer/pull/836)
```

I think we should also call out the API changes for defining limiters (especially since one of them was accidentally MAINTAINED).

Author: Good suggestion. Accepted.
